Adding note about pricing tier of Text Analytics (#76553)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cognitive-services/QnAMaker/custom-question-answering.md

- All existing QnA Maker managed (preview) resources continue to work as before. There is no action required for these resources at this time.
- The creation flow for Custom question answering (preview) is the primary change. The service, portal, endpoints, SDK, etc. remain as before.

> - Custom question answering (preview) continues to be offered as a free public preview. But only available for Text Analytics Standard resources. Do not change your pricing tier for Text Analytics resources to free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom question answering (preview) continues to be offered as a free public preview. This feature is only available as part of Text Analytics Standard resources. Do not change your pricing tier for Text Analytics resources to free.
```
